Auto-expand indices according to allocation filtering rules (#48974)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/index-modules.asciidoc

    Auto-expand the number of replicas based on the number of data nodes in the cluster.
    Set to a dash delimited lower and upper bound (e.g. `0-5`) or use `all`
    for the upper bound (e.g. `0-all`). Defaults to `false` (i.e. disabled).

>     Note that the auto-expanded number of replicas does only take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that the auto-expanded number of replicas only takes
```
